Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I appreciate every single one of you.
There are 2,200 of you.
We have work to do.
Let's go over some of the things that the Lord talked to us about over the last couple of days.
We see it in the news now.
It's exciting whenever we are praying as a family and the Holy Spirit reveals so much to us.
All glory to him.
I want to go over first what Braden has; he has a presentation with some good stuff.
I told him, 'I'm so proud of you, son.
' Yesterday we took off and there was video.
I said we could do a video right now for some of the things the Holy Spirit said, but we'll go over what I saw.
In prayer, we saw crypto—a lot about crypto, a lot coming for crypto.
I saw a plumb line.
And the plumb line was being laid.
A major foundation was being laid.
And the Lord said, 'In the days ahead, you're going to see new legislation come out concerning crypto and the United States government, and Trump will sign this, and there'll be a big push for this that will bring stability in a new economic system.
' I saw a bubble that was massive and full of what looked like some kind of acid water substance, and it was very turbulent.
It was moving and jostling around, and this bubble was getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
And the Lord specifically said that there was nothing we could do about this bubble.
There's nothing they can do to stop it, so just enjoy it as they pop it.
The bubble is in trouble.
And all of a sudden, I saw them stick the side of that membrane, that bubble, and it exploded.
But all the things that are pertaining to the Beast system started to take off like a rocket.
I saw a rocket take off.
And the Lord said a new industrial revolution concerning crypto and the finances.
And I saw banks.
It was tiered.
Did I go over this more than once, son?
No.
You sure?
Was this the last video or the one before?
Because I don't want to go over things twice.
CBDC.
This is all fresh.
I don't remember what I've rehearsed back over telling you all what I saw.
So, I saw the buildings and there were three major banks.
But it was tiered.
And the Lord was showing me that the banks represented the financial backing that they had—the more money they had.
But I saw Bank of America.
And the Lord said in the days ahead, Bank of America will adopt crypto legislation that will be lending platforms.
These major banks I saw—and I'm going to say this for all the haters out there, this is all in my opinion for entertainment purposes only.
I'm not a financial adviser.
I've been told that.
So I'm just telling you all this is my opinion and I'm entitled to my opinion of what the Lord has shown me.
I saw these major banks go up and I saw that Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Chase, and other banks would start trickling in, using crypto as a lending platform in the days ahead instead of the United States dollar all the time.
It would be a form for houses and cars, and that's where they would start it out in the future.
And I saw the king of cryptos being the king still, but there were others that I've always talked about that were tiered off.
Five pillars.
Does anybody remember the five pillars of crypto that I've told you the Lord showed me in visions?
Five pillars branching off of the king crypto.
And the Lord showed me that there would be lending platforms for these certain things.
And eventually, when the dollar would be in trouble, I heard the word CBDC and a new industrial revolution.
And this will bring in the Beast system in the future, but it would start out friendly.
I saw Japan's economy was in trouble.
And the Lord said specifically, 'Japan's economy is in trouble.
Their currency is in trouble.
' I saw the Euro in trouble again.
And the Lord kept talking to me about Italy.
Italy is in trouble.
Their currency is in trouble.
Their finances are in trouble and the Lord was showing me all this.
As I saw this, I saw Trump behind a massive battleship like an old Mayflower.
He was behind it and he had an old sailor's hat on, and my son did it through AI.
I thought it was fantastic.
There was a storm all around him and he was sailing with this bulldog face like, 'I am going to make it through this storm.
' And he had a hold of that boat and he was steering through this massive storm.
I thought it was really cool that he did that.
Good job.
But as I was seeing him do this, I saw Eric and I saw Eric really blessed.
I saw Don Jr.
really blessed and they started to give Coinbase a run for their money.
The fees for Coinbase are way too high.
And I saw a percentage at the asterisk—you know, the percentage symbol?
It was right there in front of me and I saw a percentage and it was cut in half.
Fees for transactions concerning buying or whatever will be cut in half, making it more profitable.
Like if you are big money people and you bought $100 million—and I don't remember the fee of Coinbase, I think it's like almost three or four percent, it's huge, it's ridiculous—but you know, if you do that on a wide scale and you're always bouncing crypto around, that becomes very lucrative for Coinbase.
But I saw a new kind of platform and the Lord said, 'Remember Gemini, the Winklevoss twins?
Remember their platform?
' But I saw a new platform rising up in the days ahead, a new way to be able to purchase, because I don't think the Winklevoss twins' Gemini is a very good platform.
That's just my opinion.
I like Coinbase, but it's very interesting because the Lord said this would be another strong front to give Coinbase a run for its money.
And I saw this Asian man.
I don't know if he's Chinese, he might be Japanese.
But this man right here, I saw him and the Lord said, 'Remember the pardons.
Watch this man in the future.
' I didn't realize this man was worth seven or eight billion dollars.
Watch this man in the days ahead.
Watch what happens.
He was pardoned for a reason.
I saw...
sorry, my nose is itching tonight.
I have to make sure I don't have an old friend.
I told Braden earlier, 'Please always check my nose.
' Sorry, just being real.
What was I saying next?
What am I missing?
Migration of people.
I saw a migration of people again leaving New York and Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, all these areas, and a lot of migration of Christian families in the days ahead.
They were getting ready.
They had a knowing inside that something major was about to take place and they wanted to be a part of the revival.
I saw them packing up their bags.
They looked like the Beverly Hillbillies in the vision.
I saw them have the Beverly Hillbilly wagon with granny on the top, and they were so excited because they were headed south to Oklahoma and these areas in Texas.
I thought it was interesting because in the vision it looked like those old-timey cars with the big bundle like Santa Claus, like the Beverly Hillbillies.
I thought it was interesting because that was the way that vision was.
Then you saw that white in England.
You saw that car.
Oh, and then I saw a Range Rover and that was something.
When the Lord brought up the lending platforms, he said specifically, 'Range Rover.
' And I thought, 'Well, why not Bentley?
Why not Ferrari?
' There's a reason; it's symbolic.
There's something there.
So we just keep praying over that.
I think it's interesting when he shows certain things.
Range Rover and you saw seagulls.
I saw seagulls flying around.
I saw a furnace that was being cooked hotter, and I thought that was interesting.
It looked like a bread oven.
And the oven was cooking hotter and hotter.
It was so hot that you couldn't touch the furnace.
And the Lord said, 'Pay attention to this.
The furnace was being stoked hot.
That which was around you was on fire.
' And I saw the furnace that was so hot that it was glowing with a red cherry glow.
But it was a stove to cook your food on.
And I know that's symbolic.
So I just keep praying into this.
I get the interpretation as I go and the Lord will say, 'Remember that.
' But I saw a furnace and it looked like one of those pizza ovens that you put your pizzas in.
But it was so hot it was glowing like cherry red, like when you touch metal.
The hotter the metal glows, it gets hotter and hotter.
The oven was so hot that it was glowing cherry red.
As I was seeing the crypto, as I was seeing a new industrial revolution, it got really hot.
You saw the car market.
Yes, I saw the car market.
I saw the housing market and then the Lord said, 'Watch May.
Watch the month of May concerning interest rates.
Watch this month, December, concerning interest rates.
' I'm praying that I saw—and I'm going to tell you all this over the course of time—I saw a new Jerome Powell goes, 'Okay.
' And what I believe I saw was a woman, and I want to show you who I believe this woman was.
Now, this is what I'm praying into; please don't go—I'm not quoting anybody, I'm just telling you what I believe I saw.
Look, you want to show her?
You have the picture of her right there.
You just showed her to me.
Move right there.
That's a woman.
You see her?
I believe in my opinion that that could be who Trump picks for Jerome Powell's job.
Look down.
Look at what she says.
The Fed says bank regulators are working on stablecoin rules.
They're working on it.
So they're working on the stablecoin.
They released that the day before yesterday.
So they're all announcing that they're ready for the stablecoins and things.
So this was a big deal two days ago.
And I didn't know it until Diana started researching it and it was a really big win for XRP concerning the stuff that we read and that this would be a major win for banks concerning XRP and trading with XRP.
I thought that was interesting.
So that's what's being said.
Diana was reading about it.
Then this comes out today about one of the banks that the Lord showed us.
The Lord said, 'Remember,' and Bank of America recommends crypto exposure in all client portfolios.
That's interesting.
I said the words when you're seeing them, they're happening so fast.
Look at that.
So that came out today.
4% of what they're saying, right?
Look, go down, son.
Go down so they can read that right there.
Okay.
So, Bank of America is recommending wealth management clients allocate up to 4% of their portfolios to crypto assets, making digital assets available to its 70 million clients, making the latest push by digital assets into mainstream financial institutions.
One of the major banks the Lord showed us.
Isn't that interesting?
Out of the three, that was the one of the top banks that I saw and I thought, 'Well, Jesus, aren't you wonderful?
' He warns us of things to come.
So, we'll leave this there.
Next, the Lord warned us about Zelensky going to Macron asking for help and saying, 'We don't want peace.
We want war, war, war.
' Remember I said this and he was looking over his shoulder and he was looking at Macron in the vision and he said, 'What do I do now?
' Because Trump's trying to strongarm me.
And Zelensky didn't want to be strong-armed.
Neither did Macron.
And the Lord said, 'Watch Zelensky in the days ahead, for he will come out like a Hitler and a tyrant more than what you ever could imagine.
And people will say he is the Antichrist, but he is not.
He is the Ishmael to the Antichrist.
He is the Ishmael.
Like the Ishmael and the Isaac.
That's what the Lord was referring to.
So in Ishmael, it's not right this.
So you're going to see Macron come out and they'll push war, war, war.
Then I saw Trump say, 'We want peace.
We want to bring peace.
We don't want war.
Don't you all want to stop this nonsense?
' But they want war.
Why?
Because I told you the euro was in trouble.
So, I saw a black swan event coming that would drag the United States of America into this even deeper as we tried to pull out and say, 'We don't want this.
' And who remembers what I saw happening?
I saw an event to provoke with red-tip missiles.
Remember this?
And I saw red-tip missiles coming from the United Kingdom and from this man.
And I saw an escalation of things in the days ahead.
So, can we stop that?
Have we stopped it?
I don't know.
I see part here and part just like I tell y'all all the time.
This is what we're seeing.
What the Lord said was coming.
Lord said, 'You need to know this.
It's the Holy Ghost.
It's not Brandon Biggs.
' But I want you to see that.
So, that's what we're praying over now.
Part of our prayer assignment tonight.
Then after he has the meeting yesterday with Macron and Zelensky, the guy dropping cocaine boogers out of his nose.
We don't know where the money went.
We don't have any idea where the 100 billion dollars went.
America, we're sorry.
Corruption.
And I said 24 billion of it is in politicians' pockets.
Look at this of United States senators.
Look at this right here.
I saw this.
They're all having their meeting.
So I want you to see what Putin says today in response to their meeting: 'I've said that 100 times.
We have no plans of fighting against Europe.
If Europe wants to fight and they start this fight, then we are ready right now.
There is no doubt about this.
But the only question is if Europe starts the war, unleashes this war because that's not Ukraine.
With Ukraine, we use some surgical means.
We are trying to be really careful because you understand why this is not a war in the direct sense of the word.
And Europe all of a sudden wants to start a war and if it does start a war then very rapidly there might be a situation where we have no one to negotiate with.
' I wanted to hear what he said about Trump.
What did he say about Trump?
Remember what he said?
Trump wants peace.
They're negotiating, but they're going against him.
You had to read that one.
I got it here.
If you have to read it, I'm not reading it.
Your mama's not here, son.
I can try to read it.
They can read it.
You can read the subtitles; I'll let you read them.
He brought lots of people and we saw this.
He's even saying exactly what the Holy Spirit told us was being said.
The Holy Spirit warned us about this before they even had these meetings, before he even said this.
Isn't that Holy Spirit awesome?
I said, "Look at that.
Look what you did again, Lord.
" He always tries to tell us what is to come so that we know how to pray.
On this channel, we want to be accurate and not be flaky.
There's a lot of flakiness out there.
My job is to bring prophetic accuracy with the Holy Ghost, and he is our helper.
We see in part, hear in part, and look at this part that we have seen by the Holy Spirit to warn us that they're going to try to create.
We know the next stage is a black swan event.
And we are going to come against it tonight and pray over this because what I saw coming would provoke the bear, which is Putin, to strike Warsaw, Poland with a weapon that we've never seen before.
I've warned you of this; the Holy Spirit has warned you of this how many times?
There is a weapon that the world has never seen used before that will be used in the days ahead if we do not deescalate this quickly.
The other part was praying over Israel, for I heard the word regrouping.
And so we pray for President Trump to have greater discernment concerning who he considers an ally in Syria.
Look at this.
He says, "Congratulations.
" Look, Trump to Syria, Jolani, you will be a great leader.
Trump is saying that this guy is going to be a great leader.
But I told you he was very evil and he was a liar and he's two-faced against the decision that he made and the things he's saying to Trump.
For I saw the Islamic Brotherhood in his pocket and he's buddies with him and Turkey in the days ahead with a great escalation of an attack of Ezekiel 38 and 39 war concerning Israel in the days ahead.
This will be the front of Ezekiel 38 and 39.
And this is what the Lord has warned us about.
Trump is saying, "Oh, you're going to be a great leader.
We're going to deescalate things.
" No, this guy is two-faced and he's an evil man and Trump needs to watch out for him.
The same with MBS.
That's why we pray for President Trump not to divide the land of Israel.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We stand with the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for the Israeli people, the Jewish people.
And that's where we go with that.
But I wanted to show you this.
The Holy Spirit said in the days ahead to watch Venezuela.
I saw in the spirit when I was praying again about this man.
I can show you the article.
Trump, I told you I saw in the spirit when I was praying.
The Holy Spirit showed us that that man would be removed like a Gaddafi and a Saddam Hussein, and they would put in a proxy government to take over Venezuela.
And when this happened, I saw great revival breaking out in Venezuela.
The Lord said it's not just about drugs.
Drugs is 10%.
But what is truly the problem is Venezuela joining up with the BRICS.
It's 90%.
For trying to keep them from funding the BRICS money, they would bring backing to a funding of the money of the oil to fund the BRICS by signing agreements with the BRICS dollar.
So he must go, right?
Because nothing stands against the dollar.
It is pretty amazing.
This is the world we live in.
It's war.
So will we see war in Venezuela?
I pray we don't.
I hope he just steps out and goes on his way because you don't want to see people lose their lives.
But at the same time, this man is bad.
The Lord showed me this man is bad and we need to pray for the nation because I saw witchcraft on the nation and the Lord showed me, "I'm going to bring a great liberty of my spirit throughout all of Venezuela and there'll be a proxy government set up and it will bring freedom financially and there'll be stability that they've never had before to take out a dictator with great corruption in the government concerning drugs and sex trafficking.
" And it was linked to Cuba and Mexico.
There was a percentage of it that was bad and there was a percentage of it that was about oil.
How long has the Holy Spirit been telling us this, son?
Since 2023.
He said he was a bad man clear back at the beginning of 2024.
I showed you there was Saudi Arabia and things that would try to bring down the dollar.
And that was whenever I saw Trump trying to salvage America.
He was pedaling as fast as he could because he was about ready to go over the waterfall and there was no way to stop what was about to happen to the United States.
I thought it was amazing that President Trump came out and said that basically it's a 50/50 shot.
He even knows.
We're too top-heavy.
And if the Supreme Court Justices go against the tariffs and all the things that he's trying to do to buy time, it's a TKO.
And the Lord said there is no plan B.
You must stand for the Supreme Court Justices to coincide with Trump.
This is a life and death situation concerning the dollar.
This will take America into a great depression—the dam that I told you I saw back in 2024.
If Kamala Harris would have won, I saw economic disaster and it was written across the dam.
The Lord said, "Because the prayers of the people and you voted the right way, I'm giving you more time.
" There is no plan B concerning the American economy.
It is a do or die.
That's how serious this is.
So you pray for the Supreme Court Justices to coincide with this to bail out the dollar right now for us.
He said there will be a great financial turnaround and I saw interest rates going down.
I saw them going almost down to zero.
It was around 1%, 2.
5%.
They kept pushing it down after Jerome Powell gets out.
The Lord said, "Ride the wave for it won't last very long.
" I saw interest rates going way down and stimulation in the economy.
" And I saw a wave of glory outpouring for people.
And that's why the Lord was telling us about how to pray for that.
I think it's interesting because we see these things starting to happen.
The Lord said, "I saw President Trump writing legislation concerning these things with a quill pen.
" And it was passed.
He was signing it with this golden quill pen and golden ink.
He was writing what looked like a new Declaration of Independence, similar to the one everyone knows.
It was all in really beautiful cursive writing on parchment paper that looked like the Declaration of Independence.
If you've watched the movies—of course, I've never seen it in real life—but like in National Treasure with Nicholas Cage, the Declaration, probably done with AI.
Well, it was all in gold and President Trump was writing this.
But as he was writing with this quill pen, the writing was not just gold; it started to bounce out as glowing gold.
It started to glow.
He was writing on this golden parchment, putting in new legislation concerning crypto, I believe, and things concerning the housing market and things ahead.
I'm not going to give a time frame; I saw what I saw.
I just keep praying into this as my kids and I do.
As I was out tonight driving around, the Lord said, "I want you to get big inside of you.
Look and focus on big.
You have to see it and have an inner image of it with the Word.
Find scripture to back what I'm telling you, but see it and get an image of it inside of you.
Think bigger.
" You must think bigger—driving through bigger neighborhoods with bigger houses and looking at nicer cars.
With all the things the Lord shows me in visions, I see it inside.
I grab hold of it and have those images of how to pray concerning it.
I interceded yesterday because I didn't do a video.
I sat down with Paisley, Diana, and Braden Wall.
I said there was Black Friday shopping in Honolulu, Hawaii, and I said, "Let's go to the place I saw with the terrorist attacking that mall at the Gucci store and let's walk that in the spirit.
" We watched a video of a guy filming as he was walking the mall Black Friday shopping.
It was full of people.
I was able to visualize walking and praying over the mall because it's thousands of miles away.
I told Diana, "This is how I would do it if I was here.
Let's go there and take an hour and a half and go to Honolulu tonight via YouTube.
" The guy was walking the streets, going through the mall, showing the stores and the shoppers.
As I got to the center of the mall praying in the spirit with my family, I went into great travail and felt that stomach sickness again, like I did about the 14 people that were massacred in California.
I interceded in this area, rewinding it and praying over this part of the mall for a long time until I felt a release.
Diana asked, "Is it gone?
" and I said, "No.
" I'm telling you this because this is the video I was watching.
Do you see this?
You see him walking through the mall; it's busy, and you see the stores.
There's a Gucci store right there across from Chanel.
That's what I saw.
It was right here where the Lord showed me a major event trying to take place with mass shootings.
I was interceding, watching this video, and praying with my family over this because, in the natural, it would be a miracle if we ever went there.
It helped connect my faith with the people of this area because I feel such an urgency to pray over these mass casualty events.
That was just an idea of the Holy Spirit.
He said, "Do this.
" I realized I could "go" there.
When you put it on a big screen, we just interceded.
Paisley and the others, we were praying over it like we were walking the mall together.
I'm not trying to give his video a plug, but that's just how we had to do it.
Then we went to Germany and I walked the market praying over the places where I saw mass casualty events.
Then we went to France and I looked for the places the Lord showed me over the Vatican over Christmas.
I did this for 30 minutes for highlights for whoever wanted to see and pray with us.
I do this for you so you have something to reference.
If it comes in the news, you can say the Holy Spirit warned this way in advance.
All glory to Jesus.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
I tried really hard to keep it under 35 minutes.
There was one more thing: the plumb line.
You said there is a plumb line.
I talked about the plumb line, but Trump's health is also very interesting.
Braden accidentally forgot this because we talked about this.
He released his MRI results and his heart and veins are clear.
I instantaneously asked, "Lord, did I miss it?
You told me to intercede for this man's heart and the veins in his neck.
" But I thought, if there wasn't anything to it, why would he bring it out?
There was something more and the Lord had us praying for his health; we will continue to pray that he lives long and finishes strong.
It was interesting because it went alongside what we had been seeing concerning his heart and arteries.
That's his official report from the doctor concerning his arteries.
Why did he even have it done?
I've never seen any president do this.
George Bush didn't, Obama didn't, and Joe Biden, who runs into walls, didn't do it either.
It's amazing to us because it's what we pray for all the time: that he lives long, finishes strong, and that his arteries and veins are clear.
He brought that out on December 1st.
And the blonde lady, Karoline, is that right?
Levitt talked about it.
So, pretty interesting.
All right.
Let's pray.
Do you have any questions?
I'll answer a couple of questions.
Give me a good one.
If you don't, I'm probably passing it.
I talked to a man on the phone today.
You know, I got an email and the Lord spoke to me and said, "I want you to talk to a guy named Brian.
" He emailed today and I called Brian on the phone.
The Lord said, "I want you to encourage him.
There's some things there.
" And the Lord revealed some things to me, but Brian has a great future.
He's twenty-some years old and God has something huge for Brian to do.
So I'm going to keep praying for Brian.
I thought it was interesting because I don't call anybody and talk to them, but the Lord specifically when I got the email, he said, "You need to talk to him today.
" And I said, "Say what?
" I said, "Okay, I'll do it.
" And so I told Diana and Diana goes, "You don't ever do that.
You have people contact you all day long asking to talk to you.
" And I said, "But the Lord said it.
He specifically pointed this man out.
" twenty-some years old.
And I said, "Okay.
" So interesting, I thought.
I talked to a man named Brian today.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
Every one of us are here.
All 7,500 of us are here to pray for our nation, to pray for whatever you want for us, Father, concerning finances.
I know what you showed me, Lord.
And the devil, you said this is Satan's wheelhouse.
You said he is trying to block it.
But you will have to contend for the finances ahead.
You will have to contend for it.
You cannot just sit there idly by and just go, "Well, where's my harvest?
" You've got to confess to possess.
You've got to say out of your mouth and speak to your mountain and tell it to be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea.
And we shall not doubt in our heart.
We shall have whatsoever things we say.
We believe that today is the day of a turnaround.
That Trump will sign legislation concerning our nation and crypto and the things ahead.
That these banks will all go alongside this.
And that the greatest wealth transfer this generation has ever seen will manifest.
You said it will be bigger than the dot-com era.
It will be bigger than the internet.
This will be the new industrial revolution with AI.
Capital A, lowercase i is what you said, Father.
And I believe it.
And you have called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We have assembled with all these great intercessors and we take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you Lord that we're healed by your stripes.
We thank you Lord that we don't have to be sick in our body because you took it all for us.
You became sickness for us.
You became it.
You took it all in your body.
And Father, what you bore in your body, we need not bear in our own.
Mental torment, depression, anxiety, fear, worry.
We are free in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that this beautiful Christmas season, Father, there's no depression on anybody, that they walk in abundance of joy, joy unspeakable and full of glory.
And we thank you, Lord, for the body.
We thank you Lord that you took that on the cross for us.
We thank you Lord that we don't have to bear it in our own body and we take this in the name of Jesus in remembrance of what you did for us.
And we just want to say thank you.
Lord, in Jesus' name.
Lord, we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you Lord that it's never lost its power.
The moment we confess our sins, you said in your word that you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the mighty blood of Jesus.
Father, I thank you.
What can wash away my sins?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
It has never lost its power.
Precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
As far as the east is from the west, he's taken my sins from me.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord.
The moment we confess it, you don't even remember anymore.
You said you cast it into the sea of forgetfulness.
It's done.
And Father, we confess that we probably messed up today.
I don't know.
But even if we did, we don't even know.
Father, I don't want to be sin-conscious, but Father, I know your grace is sufficient.
You've always washed in the blood, but I always keep myself right before you by crawling up in your lap and saying, "You are my father.
You are my Abba Father.
You're Jehovah Jireh.
You are El Elyon, the most high.
You are everything that I ever need, everything we'll ever think about needing.
You are that for me.
" And I take this blood in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you Lord for the blood that covers us, covers my wife, covers my children, covers my finances, covers my house, my car, whatever I have.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about us right now.
And we thank you, Lord, that there's no demonic spirit coming against us, no witchcraft, no incantations, no chants, no voodoo; nothing comes nigh us.
Father, every tongue that rises against us, they fall to the ground in Jesus' name.
Every word, every curse, for you cannot curse whom God has blessed.
For greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me.
I believe in the power of the covenant.
I believe in the blood of Jesus.
I'm seated with you in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have dominion.
And we take our dominion in our rightful place, seated with you.
And I thank you, Father, for that blood that covers me from the top of my head to the soles of my feet.
And I take this blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for your powerful blood.
Amen and amen.
I thank you, Lord.
I cover my eyes.
If you have anything to show me tonight uninterrupted, I ask you to speak through my vocal cords.
Think through my mind.
None of me and all of you.
It's in Jesus' name we pray.
Uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers my eyes tonight.
Father, that I am not ensnared by any kind of demonic spirit.
That I only see what you want me to see, if you even have anything for me to see.
We're not here to perform.
We're here just to crawl up in your lap, God.
But Father, if there's anything we can help you with, we come to your throne boldly.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that your word says you will show us that which is to come.
And in the last days, you said that you would pour your spirit upon all flesh.
All flesh.
In your sons and your daughters.
Father, I thank you young men will see visions and your old men will dream dreams.
I'm not old yet, obviously.
So, thank you, Lord, that we are young and I'm seeing in the spirit just like you said we would in Joel chapter 2.
Thank you, Lord.
We yield.
What was that song your sister was singing earlier?
She was in the car just belting it out.
Boy, I felt like I was at a Benny Hinn meeting.
What was she singing?
I said, "Boy, there's anointing on that, honey.
" Ask her.
Say, "What were you singing in the car?
What does daddy want to know?
" Just go through this.
Just hurry quick because I want to sing it.
Paisley just talks.
She said, "The Holy Spirit's so real to me.
" I said, "Yeah.
" I think she's a funny kid.
"He's so real to me.
He's my friend.
" I said, "Yeah.
" She's getting so good at baking.
She made these homemade donuts tonight.
And she said, "Daddy, I want you to have one.
" I said, "I told you I can't eat that.
I'm doing portion control.
I had half a hamburger today, and I wouldn't eat the whole thing.
" And Diana said, "I'm proud of you.
" I said, "And then Paisley comes home and makes homemade donuts.
" I said, "Don't do that.
I can't eat that trash.
" She goes, "Well, it's all organic.
" I said, "It doesn't matter if it's organic.
Daddy's not eating that.
" What was it?
She said "Only Believe" or "He Touched Me".
It was one of those.
Yeah, it was "Only Believe".
And then she would say, "He Touched Me".
Oh, he touched me, and oh, the joy that floods my soul.
Something happened, and now I know he touched me and made me whole.
He touched me, oh, he touched me, and oh, the joy that floods my soul.
You know, Billy, I don't ever hear him sing that very often.
That's his thing.
We'll have to talk to him because I'd love to hear—what's her name?
Lisa, she sings like an angel.
His singer.
And so that would be a fun one to hear.
I know I think she has sung it.
I remember—I have to go back in my mind.
Yes, yes.
"Since I met my blessed Savior.
" Maybe she'll sing for us one day.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
Billy said, "No, I ain't sharing.
Got to keep her fresh, you know.
" And you sing like that all the time.
Oh, Father, we thank you for the blood.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you for my friend Billy Burke.
Father, I lift him up before you tonight.
I thank you, Father, that you give him a fresh presence on his life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you double that anointing like you've told me you're going to.
Father, I thank you that you double, then you triple, and that he finishes even stronger than whatever he started.
Father, that it would be such an overflow presence on his ministry, Father, that everybody that comes into his services—not one of them will leave sick.
Not one of them will leave with any kind of infirmity on their lives.
We ask you, Father, to touch him even on a greater level tonight.
Thank you, Father, for my friend.
Thank you, Lord, for his wife.
Thank you, Lord, for their marriage.
Give them strength in their marriage; give them strength in their children.
Thank you, Lord, for the blessing, and that they would not lack any good thing all of 2026 financially, in the mighty name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Father, we thank you, O Lord my God.
Thank you, Father.
Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee, how great thou art, how great thou art.
Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee.
How great thou art.
How great thou art, how great thou art.
I can feel it; it's shifting.
Thank the Holy Ghost.
Only believe.
All things are possible when you only believe.
All things are possible.
Only believe.
Lord, I believe.
All things are possible when you only believe.
I see it.
I tell you what I see.
When I sing that song again, I could see all of the great tent revivals again.
I could see them, and the Lord keeps saying it, "I'm bringing them back.
I'm bringing them back, Brandon.
" But this time there's greater auditoriums than what there was back then—major stadiums filled with people singing songs and worshiping, and the healing power of God is going to flow in those auditoriums.
The healing power of God, the fragrance of the Holy Spirit for one major push, one major last call, one major push for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
As I was looking over and I was praying this afternoon, I was praying against that virus that I have seen so many times that will seemingly wreak havoc upon the world.
Over hundreds of millions of people will perish if this virus happens the way I've seen it happen.
But I have seen this great revival and I've seen this great move of the spirit of God.
And the Lord keeps telling me, "You can focus on either side, Braden.
" The dark is going to get darker and the light is going to get lighter.
He said, "I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh on a greater level.
" Can these bones live?
Brandon, can these bones live?
Can these bones live?
Speak to the dry bones upon this nation.
Speak to the dry bones in your congregation.
Speak to the dry bones upon Africa, upon Asia, upon all of America, South America.
Speak to the bones over the Middle East, Europe.
Can these bones live?
I say, "Yes, Lord.
" Father, we call the bones to live in the mighty name of Jesus for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
We thank you, Father, for this will be the great open door for salvations to happen from shore to shore.
We call major revival.
We call the greatest harvest of souls.
We call them in in the name of Jesus.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Will you help me bring in the harvest?
I see the wheat bowing down before the Father again tonight.
I see the great harvest of souls bowing down before the Father tonight.
It's before the Father; it is bowing down.
That means I keep seeing all the wheat.
Brandon, there's a major move of God about to pour out upon this world like you've never seen before.
And I see the wheat bending down before him.
I see it again just as I talk to you; I see the wheat bowing down before him.
Will you help him bring in the harvest?
He commissions every one of us.
It was interesting—I was talking to somebody and I said, "Well, Lord, what do you think about that individual?
" He said, "Brandon, I'm all hands on deck.
I'm all hands on deck, Brandon.
" There were things that the Lord shows me about people sometimes, and I just keep saying, "Purify my heart, Lord.
Purify my heart.
" I don't know what I look like before you, Lord, but I don't want to look like what you show me they look like to you.
Help me.
I want to be—purify my heart, Lord.
Purify me before you.
And the only way I know how to do that is keep crawling up in your lap with this blood of Jesus and my wife and just keep sitting before you.
And you become so real to me, and dying to myself daily.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
He keeps telling me, "Will you help me bring in the harvest?
You're running out of time.
You're running out of time, Braden.
" For this, the time of this dispensation of grace is coming to an end, son.
There's no urgency in my church.
They've become so lukewarm.
There's so many that are so lukewarm.
But there is a remnant and I will use the remnant.
But this would be birthed out of prayer.
He says there's no urgency.
How would you live your life if you knew this was your last Christmas?
How would you live your life if this was your last New Year's?
What would be the urgency in your heart to get the harvest around you?
The people, your family, your unsaved loved ones.
He said, "That's the urgency that you should be living every single day as if I was coming today.
" Warn my people again, Brandon, that I'm coming.
They're weary in well-doing.
They've become like the lackadaisical—you know, if you don't see what you think you're going to see that week, well, you know.
But he said, "Stir the people again.
" He always stirs the people.
Brandon, tell them I'm coming.
Diana was reading this book—I don't remember, it was by Joseph Prince, it's right there—there was a quote that she read to me and it stood out and I texted Billy.
"Almost every event has its prophetic prelude.
It is an old and common saying that coming events cast their shadow before them.
The wise man teaches us the same lesson in the verse before us.
When destruction walks through the land, it casts its shadow.
It is in the shape of pride.
" When honor visits a man's house, it casts its shadow before it.
It is in the fashion of humility.
Before destruction, the heart of a man is haughty.
Pride is as surely a sign of destruction as the change of mercury in the weather glass in the sign of rain, and far more infallibly.
Whatever so that—and then I cut off the rest of it, but it was about casting the shadow.
Prophetic always is the prelude; it starts first.
The warning of how he always has done: He warns the prophetic voices first.
He warns the prophetic voices first of his coming.
Through John the Baptist and through all the prophetic people, they warned of his coming the first time.
They warned and they warned.
And I'm telling you by the Spirit of God, Jesus Christ is coming.
Unless a man is born again, he will not enter into the kingdom of God.
I keep coming up to this massive door and I keep seeing the revival.
I keep seeing the great cloud of witnesses.
I see Kim Clement.
I see Kathryn Kuhlman.
And they're all watching with great anticipation what's about to happen in this earth.
The great cloud of witnesses: it's Derek Prince.
Derek, thank you.
The great cloud of witnesses—they're all anticipating what we're about to see.
All of humanity from the beginning, from when Jesus went, have been anticipating what we're about to see.
We're about to see something that no man has ever seen before.
I truly believe with all my heart the greatest move of God we have yet to see is about to happen.
But he said it will come through prayer.
That's why he said raise up a million men and women prayer army on this channel.
Pray, for every major revival begins with prayer, but you'll be one of the forerunners to pray and bring the people to pray every day.
Pray for the revival.
Pray for your nation.
But it will take bigger than just what they had at Pensacola.
It will take bigger than what they had at Azusa.
They may have had several hundred.
I don't know how many—I've never talked to John Kilpatrick before—how many people were at his prayer services, but this is not just some normal meeting.
This is not church as usual.
This is going to be church unusual.
And what you're about to see is one of the greatest things that this world has ever seen before.
And it will take much prayer.
The Lord keeps talking to me about it.
And we've done it.
We've set out for going on three years now, praying and praying and it keeps growing.
And the Lord keeps adding the supply.
Every one of you brings a supply.
Every one of you brings something special to the party.
Somebody might bring soda.
Somebody might bring popcorn.
Somebody might bring the peanuts.
But all of us bring our supply and it makes the party really good.
Everybody is vital to this party.
Not one is more special than the other, but you bring in your supply of what you brought.
Maybe you brought the hot dogs.
Maybe you brought the hamburgers.
I don't know.
But I'm telling you, every single time you assemble with me and we pray and we worship our Father together, as 7,800 people are here right now, I'm going to tell you there's some of you that do not know him.
Some of you are here just out of curiosity because of the title of the video, but nothing matters unless you know him.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun, ladies and gentlemen.
And no one is promised tomorrow.
Not one of us.
Any of us could die in our sleep.
Any of us could die and not make it into the next day.
The very shoes you put on your feet to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
You need to know my friend Jesus.
And if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal savior, before I go any further with this and talk about finances or about anything, you need to know my friend Jesus.
But more importantly, does he know you?
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
If you were to die tonight, would you go to heaven or would you go to hell?
You need to ask yourself this question and be very serious about this because the time is running short.
Jesus Christ is coming.
He's standing at the door and this might be your last opportunity to accept him.
Do not play with your future.
Do not play with eternity.
You must know him.
For if you do not know him and he says, 'Depart from me, I never knew you,' that is a very scary day.
But tonight, as I see the wheat bowing down before Jesus and he's walking, his hands were gliding in the wheat and he was feeling the wheat with his fingers.
He was moving his fingers and the wheat was going in between his hands because it was so plentiful.
The wheat was so thick like thick hair.
He was running his hands through it.
But that represented the souls of man.
It was all coming to an end.
And the Bible says that in the last day every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
I want to be on the side that he truly is my Lord, versus just because of what the Bible said will happen.
Is he your Lord?
Do you truly know him?
Either way, you're going to confess him.
But I want to be on the right side of the confessing.
I want to say a special prayer for you tonight.
If you're here and you've never accepted Jesus Christ, the money's coming, the blessing, the camels are coming, ladies and gentlemen.
He talks about the finances all the time to me now.
He says, 'Brandon, great blessings.
These are days of fun.
The fun has just begun.
The greatest harvest of souls is going to be fun, Brandon.
But it takes money to support it.
' But he always is asking me to tell you all.
He said, 'Brandon, tell them again, I'm coming.
Tell them again, I'm coming.
' So, if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal savior, I'm going to give you the opportunity right now.
He died for you publicly.
Now, I want you to be public about your decision for him.
I want you to put in the comment section right now: I need to be saved.
I need to accept Jesus Christ.
I want to turn away from my sins.
I want to turn away from my past.
And I want a new future.
Today is your day.
If you want to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
You must accept Jesus as your Lord and personal savior.
There are 8,000 people here right now.
This is a big auditorium full of people.
And I know there are many of you that think that you've confessed.
You think maybe that you used to have a relationship with him, but whenever the rubber meets the road, does he know you?
Does Jesus Christ know you?
You know maybe a lot about him.
But do you know and have intimacy with him?
Do you sit at his feet daily?
Or do you just visit there maybe on Easter or Christmas because family invited you to go to church with them?
That doesn't make you saved.
The Bible says to turn away from your sin, to repent of your sin.
It doesn't say for you to keep wallowing in your sin.
'Brandon, I need help.
' He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's never left you and he's never forsaken you.
He said, 'Lo, until the end of the earth, I'll be with you always,' but you can turn your back on him.
You can walk away.
Just like the prodigal son, he spent all that he had and he was laying in the pig pen and he came to himself.
He said, 'I'm going to go back to my dad's house.
' And his dad was waiting.
He saw his son coming from afar and he said, 'Is that my boy?
Is that my son coming?
' And he had a robe.
He said, "Kill the fatted calf.
My boy's coming home.
" And that's what Jesus is doing right now with you.
There's many of you that have been in the world.
You've turned your back.
But tonight's your night to get a fresh, clean start.
He's at your heart as we speak right now, drawing you.
And he's knocking on your heart and he's saying, "Will you let me in?
Will you come home?
" Tonight's your night.
It's time to come home.
It's time to stop running.
You're running out of time.
I yell it from the mountaintops.
I yell it in the valleys.
I'm trying to warn you that the ark door is closing and this dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
The Great Tribulation is about to begin.
But tonight, you have an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ.
And I want to say a simple prayer with you right now.
And if this is speaking to you, say it with me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with all I have.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name tonight in that Lamb's Book.
Thank you, Lord, that you've given me a fresh, clean start.
Thank you, Lord, that you've made me new and I'm yours and I belong to you.
Today is a good day.
For this is a day that you've made and I'll rejoice and I'll be glad in it.
Thank you, Lord.
Amen.
And amen.
" It doesn't have to be all religious, folks.
He wanted it just so that a five-year-old could do it.
Anybody can.
It doesn't say come to him as an adult.
Come to him as children.
So I believe that tonight if you just said that prayer, welcome to the family.
We're excited about your decision.
The great cloud of witnesses and all the angels in heaven are rejoicing.
Even if there's just one of you, he leaves the 99 to go after the one.
As his hand is going through the wheat, will you serve Jesus today?
Well, if you're here and you just said that prayer, welcome.
Now, what do you do?
Go to a Bible-believing church.
I'd say a non-denominational church.
Go to a church that teaches the Word of God, that teaches you how to stand by faith and live by faith and everything.
And tell that pastor, "I need to be water-baptized.
" Get plugged in there.
Go to church every Sunday.
Go Wednesday whenever they have the doors open there.
Come here and pray with us.
Read your Bible and pray.
And that's basically it.
It's easy.
And start witnessing, telling people about what you've done.
Give an account.
Tell everybody, "Hey, I just accepted Jesus and he's washed me.
He's made me clean.
" So, if you can't afford a Bible or you've said this prayer with us, all 90 of you—there's 90 people that gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
We rejoice for all 90 of you.
Welcome to the family.
Almost 10%, over 10%?
No, it's not 90 out of 8,000.
See, Brandon's math's bad.
I caught it though.
But we want to give you a Bible for free.
We want to bless you.
My wife and I love to bless the new people getting born again here on this channel.
We'll give you a Bible.
It's in the description down below.
There's an email down there.
Email us.
Say, "I want my Bible.
" We want to give it to anybody who got born again on this channel.
We want to bless you.
And so, we just want to celebrate your decision tonight to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
And so we'll give you the Bible and no strings attached.
We don't want nothing from you other than just to rejoice with you for your decision.
God bless you and welcome to the family.
All right.
Now we can go tubing.
But the Lord said, "I want you to do that first.
" And he showed me that vision.
That was awesome.
I love to look at him when he does that.
I see that happen a lot.
He walks in the wheat.
He's always walking.
He said, "Bring in the harvest.
" 90 people tonight gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
That's wonderful.
So, okay, now we can go on.
Father, we just worship you.
We thank you, Father, for every person that is represented here tonight.
Now, there's a lot of you don't understand tongues either, and you want to know more about it.
Get the book 'Why Tongues' by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
It is a wonderful book.
It's a little bitty thing, but it's probably like a dollar.
You might even find it for free.
Read about it.
And that's Why Tongues.
It's Acts chapter 2.
And I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost unashamedly.
I pray in tongues.
And I believe it's the power gift that gets the job done in these last days.
Praying in the spirit.
Praying in the spirit with a brand new tongue.
I believe that's what you should be doing.
And it's for everybody.
I believe it's for everybody.
And read that book and it will help you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord, today.
I put it out there now.
We pray.
It's waiting right there and it's just trying to barge right on in and just try to tell, "Well, this is what we're going to do because we're just praying in the spirit.
" I feel it.
We're just praying.
You don't just go on machine gun tongues and you just start ripping through there and going, "This is what we're going to do.
" No, no, no, no.
I just wait.
Just wait on him.
You can feel it and he'll go in the river.
And if you just let him flow with you, let him take over.
But it's not just him take over your tongue.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about praying through you for the manifestations of the glory.
Do you understand?
Praying and let the Holy Spirit flow through you.
It's a dance.
Let him lead, you follow.
Don't be rude.
Pray.
Holy Spirit, we invite you.
Now I plead the blood.
I plead the blood over my eyes.
I plead the blood.
I bind any kind of demonic attacks.
We thank you, Lord.
The blood.
We make much of the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
I got direction now.
We're praying for the Rockefeller tree lighting tomorrow night.
I saw the tree highlighted before me.
I said you're going there first.
It's about the subways.
All day.
I see the East River.
I see New York.
I see the lights off in the great buildings above.
All the lights are off.
It's dark.
It's a power issue.
You see, there's a power issue upon the power grid.
Upon the power grid.
All day.
I see New Jersey Bay.
I see people rioting in the street.
Take this.
And he had a robe.
He said, "Kill the fatted calf.
My boy's coming home.
" And that's what Jesus is doing right now with you.
There's many of you that have been in the world.
You've turned your back.
But tonight's your night to get a fresh, clean start.
He's at your heart as we speak right now, drawing you.
And he's knocking on your heart and he's saying, "Will you let me in?
Will you come home?
" Tonight's your night.
It's time to come home.
It's time to stop running.
You're running out of time.
I yell it from the mountaintops.
I yell it in the valleys.
I'm trying to warn you that the ark door is closing and this dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
The Great Tribulation is about to begin.
But tonight, you have an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ.
And I want to say a simple prayer with you right now.
And if this is speaking to you, say it with me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with all I have.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name tonight in that Lamb's Book.
Thank you, Lord, that you've given me a fresh, clean start.
Thank you, Lord, that you've made me new and I'm yours and I belong to you.
Today is a good day.
For this is a day that you've made and I'll rejoice and I'll be glad in it.
Thank you, Lord.
Amen.
And amen.
" It doesn't have to be all religious, folks.
He wanted it just so that a five-year-old could do it.
Anybody can.
It doesn't say come to him as an adult.
Come to him as children.
So I believe that tonight if you just said that prayer, welcome to the family.
We're excited about your decision.
The great cloud of witnesses and all the angels in heaven are rejoicing.
Even if there's just one of you, he leaves the 99 to go after the one.
As his hand is going through the wheat, will you serve Jesus today?
Well, if you're here and you just said that prayer, welcome.
Now, what do you do?
Go to a Bible-believing church.
I'd say a non-denominational church.
Go to a church that teaches the Word of God, that teaches you how to stand by faith and live by faith and everything.
And tell that pastor, "I need to be water-baptized.
" Get plugged in there.
Go to church every Sunday.
Go Wednesday whenever they have the doors open there.
Come here and pray with us.
Read your Bible and pray.
And that's basically it.
It's easy.
And start witnessing, telling people about what you've done.
Give an account.
Tell everybody, "Hey, I just accepted Jesus and he's washed me.
He's made me clean.
" So, if you can't afford a Bible or you've said this prayer with us, all 90 of you—there's 90 people that gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
We rejoice for all 90 of you.
Welcome to the family.
Almost 10%, over 10%?
No, it's not 90 out of 8,000.
See, Brandon's math's bad.
I caught it though.
But we want to give you a Bible for free.
We want to bless you.
My wife and I love to bless the new people getting born again here on this channel.
We'll give you a Bible.
It's in the description down below.
There's an email down there.
Email us.
Say, "I want my Bible.
" We want to give it to anybody who got born again on this channel.
We want to bless you.
And so, we just want to celebrate your decision tonight to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
And so we'll give you the Bible and no strings attached.
We don't want nothing from you other than just to rejoice with you for your decision.
God bless you and welcome to the family.
All right.
Now we can go tubing.
But the Lord said, "I want you to do that first.
" And he showed me that vision.
That was awesome.
I love to look at him when he does that.
I see that happen a lot.
He walks in the wheat.
He's always walking.
He said, "Bring in the harvest.
" 90 people tonight gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
That's wonderful.
So, okay, now we can go on.
Father, we just worship you.
We thank you, Father, for every person that is represented here tonight.
Now, there's a lot of you don't understand tongues either, and you want to know more about it.
Get the book 'Why Tongues' by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
It is a wonderful book.
It's a little bitty thing, but it's probably like a dollar.
You might even find it for free.
Read about it.
And that's Why Tongues.
It's Acts chapter 2.
And I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost unashamedly.
I pray in tongues.
And I believe it's the power gift that gets the job done in these last days.
Praying in the spirit.
Praying in the spirit with a brand new tongue.
I believe that's what you should be doing.
And it's for everybody.
I believe it's for everybody.
And read that book and it will help you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord, today.
I put it out there now.
We pray.
It's waiting right there and it's just trying to barge right on in and just try to tell, "Well, this is what we're going to do because we're just praying in the spirit.
" I feel it.
We're just praying.
You don't just go on machine gun tongues and you just start ripping through there and going, "This is what we're going to do.
" No, no, no, no.
I just wait.
Just wait on him.
You can feel it and he'll go in the river.
And if you just let him flow with you, let him take over.
But it's not just him take over your tongue.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about praying through you for the manifestations of the glory.
Do you understand?
Praying and let the Holy Spirit flow through you.
It's a dance.
Let him lead, you follow.
Don't be rude.
Pray.
Holy Spirit, we invite you.
Now I plead the blood.
I plead the blood over my eyes.
I plead the blood.
I bind any kind of demonic attacks.
We thank you, Lord.
The blood.
We make much of the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
I got direction now.
We're praying for the Rockefeller tree lighting tomorrow night.
I saw the tree highlighted before me.
I said you're going there first.
It's about the subways.
All day.
I see the East River.
I see New York.
I see the lights off in the great buildings above.
All the lights are off.
It's dark.
It's a power issue.
You see, there's a power issue upon the power grid.
Upon the power grid.
All day.
I see New Jersey Bay.
I see people rioting in the street.
Take this.
I see drones built for war on land.
I see a drone with a great 50-caliber weapon on it.
It looks like something out of Terminator with a titanium shell on its shield.
There's a round thing and a 50-caliber gun coming out of it.
It has clips that you hook together and spin really fast.
It's a round-looking shield, thick and looking almost like a brain, on tracks that look like tank tracks.
It's built up and the Lord said this is a drone for greater drone warfare.
This is China and an AI race.
I heard the Holy Spirit say, 'It's a greater race.
They're ahead of you in the race.
' It's because of Joe Biden and the administration.
Trump is trying to catch up, but we've been delayed because of these people.
It's so important to vote well.
I see Joe Biden again right now, but he's bent over almost like he's sick.
He warned us.
Oh, he warned us about this.
He's about to go; there is a big thick blanket on him right now in a wheelchair.
Pray for his soul.
You must pray for his soul.
He is more than anything—He doesn't want anybody to go to hell.
Even in the last seconds, you can turn to Him.
He said, 'It's not for every eye to see that you come to me.
' It doesn't matter what you see.
Even your relatives that you didn't think made it, it just takes seconds.
'Come unto me.
' He's all about the souls and the harvest.
He doesn't want any to perish, but all to come to repentance.
He's a merciful God of love.
None of us deserved it; we all deserved hell.
All have sinned and come short of the glory.
He is all alone in his room, going home in the cold with nobody by his side.
That's where most of you will be if you don't turn to Him.
Sin is fun for a season, but death is in sin.
I keep looking across the land and I see a dark cloud above.
Sometimes I'm looking over into the tribulation, but we're interceding, and this is not the tribulation because of the way the prayer is going.
It's a heavy warning.
It's like the way those old war movies were, like Saving Private Ryan.
We cling to you, Father, and we pray for protection.
I thank you, Lord, that you're the peace in the storm.
I believe you showed me another part of the vision, a puzzle piece of the plague.
He's shown me it hitting the shore up northeast.
The plague is this virus, but then He shows the AI and these boils.
I'm taking a break because seeing that pulls a lot out of you.
I'm tired, but we have the victory.
You must know your authority and who you are.
He mentioned 'the Romans.
' Who had the Trojan horse?
Was it the Romans or the Greeks?
The Greeks gave the Trojan horse—I was talking about Rome.
The enemy within gets it to the Trojans.
I wonder why the Lord was talking about Rome.
Then I saw the power grid go down and everyone was freezing with no heat in their houses.
He said, 'Don't take it.
They're going to try to force it on you.
It's not what you think; it's not going to help you.
' People were taking it and they were done.
This is not something to play with.
A bouquet was a bouquet.
He's talking about dogwoods and lamb's quarters.
I don't know if that's a cure for heart cases or something like that.
It will be hard for multiple days.
Multiple days.
I saw people in New York fleeing.
They were trying to come, like I told you, a mass migration.
But the people there were so cold.
For whatever reason, I saw the grid down.
It could be a metaphor, but there was no power from Toronto all the way down to Miami.
All the East Coast was dark.
What would cause all of the East Coast to go black?
All the buildings were out and it was cold.
The people were freezing.
I know it was cold because I could see their breath.
Do you remember he told you that?
He said you saw New York City and the streets were empty.
It was all cold, and the snow was falling.
I could see snowflakes coming down, and the gypsy cart was moving back and forth.
I don't know what that was about.
It was all inside; it was in disarray.
That light was flickering, and the gypsy cart was moving down there.
I've never understood that.
The Lord said, "Look at the moon.
" It was a full moon and it was moving.
The gypsy cart was moving, and there were only a couple of snowflakes coming out, and it was completely desolate.
The streets were desolate.
It was during the cold, again the virus, and the Lord keeps telling me November and December—not of this year, but watch 2027, the fall of 2027 going into 2028.
Pray over this time frame during Trump's administration.
He kept talking about the dog, and then I thought that was interesting.
What about lamb's quarters?
Because he talked about Ireland.
He said Ireland had a white flower on it, like a little bud.
But he was talking about dogwood.
What is it about the dogwood?
Do you eat dogwood?
This is us just talking.
It lifted off of me.
I try to rehash it with him so we keep record of it.
We don't want to lose it; they're all pieces of the puzzle.
The Lord's trying to talk to us and I'm hearing him, but I want to keep record of it.
So we write it down, and Braden and I are doing this with y'all publicly.
But I saw the dogwood, and I want to know why.
Where does dogwood originate from?
Dogwood originated in Asia, Europe, and North America.
There isn't any kind of benefit from it; you don't eat it.
It's just a beautiful tree.
I wonder if it's a parasite killer.
Does dogwood kill parasites?
Is it like dogwood bark?
We'll have to study it.
What is God saying?
There are historical beliefs that the bark or leaves of the tree can be used to treat intestinal parasites, but this is not supported by strong scientific evidence.
So what do lamb's quarters do?
Could he be showing us a cure for the plague?
God gives wisdom to his people.
Could this be a parasite that could be warded off by dogwood?
Does dogwood mean the time frame of the year?
Do lamb's quarters and dogwood bloom at the same time?
Dogwoods probably bloom in the spring.
You don't see lamb's quarters in the winter, and you sure don't see those blooms on a tree in the winter or like that in the spring.
Would you see lamb's quarters like that in the summer?
Lamb's quarter is a nutritious plant rich in vitamins A, C, K, and B-complex, minerals, calcium, iron, potassium, and protein.
It offers health benefits such as improving digestion due to its fiber content.
Both of them have something to do with your intestines and anti-inflammatory effects.
Prayer is so fun.
Lamb's quarters bloom from May through October.
Why did he talk about Ireland?
Ireland's cold, right?
In the mouths of these people, there was a froth, similar to the sexually transmitted disease that I saw on the genitals of the people that would make them eunuchs.
When the Lord showed me that froth coming out of their mouth from oral contact, the Lord said, "This is a new sexually transmitted disease.
" They had this nasty stuff coming out of their mouth and it was repulsive.
But those boils looked on their tongues and on the side of their mouth and went down their throat, and there were boils on their skin.
I saw boils the size of half dollars, massive looking boils.
They were painful like sores.
There were too many people sick, and they had that big boat out in the water in New York and New Jersey.
In the space race, I saw a thing that went into the moon's surface that came out like a dome with lights on it.
It looked like box windows of some kind of light, but they had made a base to escape the Earth and get away from all the drama to go to the moon.
I saw a base that looked like pods, but people were trying to fly up there to stay on the moon.
Then I saw new drones, drone warfare, and the Lord said, "AI race.
" Then he saw the mime, but the mime was crying.
No, he wasn't doing that with his face; he was fake crying.
He was sobbing, but there was no noise.
He had tears, but no noise.
The face paint on his face was teardrops on both sides, black with white filling.
He was a heavy-set guy with a black and white shirt on.
Joe Biden?
No, he was sitting all by himself in a wheelchair with a plaid lap blanket.
It was a red and gray plaid blanket, like a Burberry blanket.
He had a robe on and he was bent over in serious pain, touching his groin area and his stomach.
The Lord said, "He's about to go; pray for his soul.
" He was touching his lower bowels where your stomach meets your groin, all that area.
He was grabbing it and was bent over in his chair.
He looked like he was in excruciating pain, but he was all by himself in a room; everybody had abandoned him.
He said, "He’s all alone.
He’s all alone.
" He had a blanket over his lap.
I see these things and it’s interesting.
Just keep praying into it, y’all, and the Lord will show you more and more.
I think it’s interesting; I’m doing a live with almost 8,000 people, but you just keep going and be real with folks.
If you want to grow, you want to grow.
If you want to keep praying, this is what I do.
I appreciate every single one of you who stick around and pray with me.
It’s heavy.
This was heavy.
Last time was a lot of fun, but this was sad.
There are a lot of people suffering in this.
I could see a lot of people having a hard time, and they were cold.
Their breath was coming out of their mouths.
They were cold.
He said, "Cold.
" There was no heat, there was no power, and it was cold for multi-days.
What would cause no power for multi-days?
Is this an attack?
Is this a cyberattack?
Is this an attack against our nation?
There are a lot of things you can do, and it’s dangerous to do what I’m doing right now—I’m just talking it out with Braden—but what would that be?
You don’t want to add to or take away from anything you’re seeing.
I try to discern what I’m seeing.
"What is it, Lord?
Why Washington, D.
C.?
" Even the buildings in Washington, D.
C.
, were completely dark.
The Capitol was dark.
Now, they might have a generator—I don’t know, I’ve never been there—but it was dark.
Is this symbolic?
The White House even looked dark.
Why?
Because in other visions I’ve seen, the White House is on.
The White House has a generator—probably the best in the world—and you’re never going to go dark at the White House, but the lights were off.
It looked gray.
There was a haze outside; it was a fog.
Remember?
I said everything was a fog.
There’s a fog on the land—fog in New York, fog in Washington, fog in Toronto.
The vision was very interesting.
It was the first thing; it was very symbolic.
I feel released to go.
Thank you for praying with me.
I tried to pray more than talk tonight.
I try to keep on track so that we do our job.
I’m not here to entertain you.
You started communion an hour and 40 minutes ago, so we prayed quite a while.
You get lost in prayer.
God bless you all.
Could you do me a favor?
Subscribe, like, and click the notification bell.
We’re believing for a million-man-and-woman prayer army.
I’ll answer a couple of questions before I go to get refreshed before we dip in the river again tomorrow night.
I’m trying to be consistent, but I need a break sometimes.
It’s a lot of work.
I told Braden last night that I need a break to just sit down and fill myself up.
I drank my tea tonight.
I got "three days of darkness.
" No, he said multi-days—more than three.
It looked like months.
If I’m a guessing man, it’s an EMP.
It looked like some kind of EMP, either cyber warfare or they did something crazy, because it was dark everywhere.
The buildings had no lights and people were rioting and looting.
Diana got me a Yeti cup and it keeps my stuff hot.
They’re asking if you saw "Mayday" again.
No, I don’t think I saw it.
I might have said it, but I didn’t see anything like the last time when I was driving; that’s when I saw "Mayday.
" The Lord said, "Pearl?
" It was a Pearl Harbor event.
He said, "Mayday?
They’re not going to come on the beach of Normandy, son.
They’re already here.
" People say, "I don’t believe that.
" No, thank Joe Biden—they’re here in the nation.
The Lord keeps saying it: "Pray, pray.
Certain areas are more protected than others.
" Thank God for President Trump; we lift him up and thank You that his arteries are clean and that he lives long and finishes strong.
They’re asking, "Is the fog like the yellow fog you saw, waist-high?
" The fog was the same color—it was mustard-looking—but it was all over everything.
The fog grew up the buildings like a fungus.
It was about two feet thick and was on everything, coming up the trees.
It’s the same as when I told you I saw the plague while I was in Edmond, Oklahoma, at the Sprouts grocery store.
You can watch that video where I showed you the makeshift white tents.
People were on cots and the nurses had suits that looked like trash bags with things on their faces.
They were just trying to keep IVs in them to keep them hydrated, because if they had it, they were dead.
Unless you know Jesus Christ, they "went home.
" That’s why He kept saying, "multi-death, multi-death.
" I’m not called to fear; I’m called to pray.
I believe we can stop this or we have time.
This is only 2026.
If what I’ve seen is the fall of 2027, that’s almost two years.
We have a lot of time to pray.
Let’s make this thing a greasy spot.
You know, like when you hit roadkill and it leaves a greasy spot in the road.
We’re going to keep plowing this thing over and believe God for the finances for this nation with this industrial revolution and the greatest revival yet to come.
That could be the tribulation.
Let's believe God that Jesus Christ comes before this drama.
That's my job.
Let's have our revival.
Let's see the great amazing move of God, and let's get out of here.
Jesus, come and get us.
I pray it all the time.
I'm ready to get out of here, Lord, by the rapture—not by death, but by the rapture.
Let's go.
Come and get us.
It doesn't take long.
I told you when I went to the Tribulation, I saw how long the revival lasts.
It only lasts about six months, and it starts every single time.
I saw it start in the summer months.
It looked like May, and it went May, June, July, August, September, and we were out of here: Rosh Hashanah.
I told you something I never talk about: it doesn't last very long.
The revival is fast.
It happens fast, and when it happens, it goes quick and it's a massive explosion of the glory, and we're out of here.
I told you I believe with all my heart we go home at Rosh Hashanah.
It's a timeframe, but I'm believing God.
From what I have seen, it's around Trump's term.
Let's get out.
I'm believing God for a major move of God.
I always say the revival starts in spring and goes through summer through these tent revivals.
They're outside, and we're out of here by the fall.
It doesn't take a long time.
Think about this: if God dumps His Spirit out on, say, 7,400 people here right now and God touched every single one of us with the Holy Ghost and fire and you start seeing 7,400 people walking around with the glory, we could change the world.
If twelve could do it of His elite disciples, how much more could 7,400 of us do?
He's wanting to raise up a million-man and woman prayer army on this channel to pray because He said it will be birthed out of prayer.
So if that's the case, He has a plan.
Oh, what a plan; oh, what a planner!
And this is just one prayer group.
Sister Billye Brim has a prayer group with her WWPs, and we talk about that all the time on Wednesdays.
They have their prayer group, and thousands pray with that.
Thousands pray with this.
Thousands pray at Eagle Mountain—thousands of folks.
We're going to get this job done.
Look at John Kilpatrick's Church and Perry Stone and all these others.
I'm telling you, it's not going to take much.
If everybody just joins together and we come together as a family and we start praying, we're going to change this thing; many hands make light work.
And the Lord said, 'Be consistent.
Keep hitting this thing; keep pounding.
Hit that thing, and we're going to get this job done.
' I'm determined to walk with Him.
So support me, be here, and pray with me.
That's what I'm talking about.
Come sign up, click the notification bell, and like it.
Let's get this thing done.
Let's get Jesus here.
Let's get out of here.
Get what He's looking for.
He said, 'I'm looking for the unsaved, the harvest.
' And I'm like, if that's His heart's desire, let's make Him happy and let's go home.
If that's what He's after, I'm like, 'Go, Lord, pour out the glory on me.
' I'll touch them.
I'll go out there and I'll go lay hands on the street corners; I don't care.
Let's just get the job done, folks.
I've seen the other side.
There is nothing here in this world—no mansions, no jets, no watches, no nothing—that the world could ever throw at you.
The finest things the world has to offer are trash compared to what He has.
Who cares?
Let's get the job done and go home.
It's all tools anyway.
You're going to leave it no matter what.
We get the blessing and the outpouring of this stuff, and what He's talking about is the finances.
We're doing what we've got to do with it, and we say bye-bye.
I want to get this job done.
So thank you for taking this seriously and praying with me because this is my life.
I want to see my Father; we want to go to heaven, and it's going to be amazing.
People say, 'I don't know,' but I say, 'No, I do know.
I'm trying to tell y'all, I've seen it.
' I just try to stir you up and encourage you every day that you have what it takes to make it.
We can do this.
And we're going to keep praying and occupy until He comes.
We're going to do it with a backbone like a crowbar, and we're not going to shrink back and let the devil whip us.
We're going to whip the devil.
We have the power and the authority to tread on him, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
Either you believe it or you don't.
We are believing believers.
He said, 'I've come to set the captives free, Brandon.
' And I say, 'Okay, God, we'll do this together.
' All 7,400 of you watching this right now, I just want to encourage you because I know you're not getting it in those churches with the skinny jeans and fog machines.
You're getting a lukewarm gospel, and there's not very many people telling you what I'm telling you.
I'm trying to tell you what I hear straight from the Father's heart.
They're asking if it's mustard gas, but no, it's not mustard gas.
That's what hits Israel; that's what they're going to use from Iran against Israel in the days ahead at night.
They're going to poison them.
That's what the Lord kept telling me: it's fifty-gallon drums; they'll come out of Syria.
And that's why Damascus will become a ruinous heap; watch.
They bring it out of Damascus.
I've seen it.
And the Lord said it will be worse than the seventh.
They are regrouping and devising a plan.
They say they want peace, but they are liars; they want revenge.
That's why the Lord kept bringing up Qasem Soleimani.
He said, 'Pray, Brandon.
They want revenge from Trump taking out Qasem Soleimani.
' You must pray because they want to hurt his kids for it.
That's why I bring up Don Jr.
all the time.
Because of Qasem Soleimani and because of Iran, they have paid people to try to hurt Trump's kids because he took out their general in Iraq.
Y'all know who that is?
It was one of the top generals of Iran's army, and they want revenge for Trump taking him out with that drone.
And the Lord keeps bringing it up to me.
He said, 'You must pray over Don Jr.
He's a target because of this.
' It's because they're mad that we took out that terrorist.
He's a terrorist, so good riddance.
But we pray for our President Trump.
He's covered in so much prayer.
I just believe in the power of the Holy Ghost and prayer and the blood of Jesus.
It gets exciting being a believing believer.
Even whenever the enemy comes and says, 'I'm going to kill you, Brandon,' I say, 'Ha!
If you were going to, you would have done it a long time ago.
You have no power over me.
' Jesus is my Lord; He protects me.
Jesus was walking in the midst of the wheat tonight, and we had ninety salvations.
He was focused on the people, the wheat, tonight.
He was walking and feeling it in His fingers.
I said, 'Oh, thank you, Lord, for Your time.
' We'll keep praying for the event tomorrow night.
I try to see what you see.
Say hi to him.
Why are you laughing?
No, I don't ever get to be a part.
Yeah, I know.
You get to be a part.
Are you tired?
You ready to go?
Yeah.
Where's my thing?
I can get it.
It says 'your videos.
' I don't know how to find it, buddy.
Okay, I can get there.
Did you see my shirt?
They're all talking about it.
What, about your green shirt?
You like my green?
They say you got holes in it.
Yeah, He said, 'Thanks.
' There's a lot of you.
Are there more natural disasters to pray over?
Yes, lots of natural disasters.
I pray over those natural disasters all the time.
He keeps showing it's like the tide.
Prayer is like the tide; it comes in and comes out.
Different tides, the high tides, everything.
It's the pulse of the day.
It changes like the tide.
He has you on different assignments, and every single time, if you notice, it's always different but always comes back and you see the tide again.
Do they see it?
Do they have its patterns?
He talks about the money.
He talks about terrorist attacks.
He talks about weather events.
He talks about tsunamis.
He'll talk about the plague.
He'll talk about the president's health.
But it always goes in a cycle, kind of like a figure-eight.
You just keep going with it, like a ballroom dance, but it always is.
Is it kind of like waxing and waning?
I'm trying to say the tide changes, but it always comes back.
The tide always comes back, and that's the way it is with prayer.
Sometimes you hit the same thing over.
Usually, if you're in a small group—like I've noticed whenever I'm in smaller prayer groups—sometimes you hit the same thing over and over, and God will take you back to that vein all the time.
Just like at our church, they'll hit the same thing over and over again because that's their assignment.
And God will—until He releases you from that assignment—you'll keep praying over that same assignment, sometimes for a year or two years.
I personally don't like doing that; I get bored.
But I do it, and I've done it, and you just keep hitting that and you'll get bits and pieces of it.
But what seems to be interesting with this, as big as this prayer group is, He gives us pieces and we go around it, and then a couple of weeks later, we hit it again.
But He adds more to it.
Like the plague.
He never saw that aspect of that.
Braden loves that.
The five pillars.
Everybody wants to know about the five pillars.
I've talked about the five pillars.
I don't talk about the five pillars because I'm not an investment advisor, but I've tried to tell y'all the five pillars are important.
All that what God is going to do—the three islands—it all goes exactly with what the Lord has shown me concerning stablecoins and how they call stablecoins and altcoins.
It's the Wild Wild West, and a lot of them will fall like stars in the days ahead.
A lot of them will—from what I've seen—they will fall like stars.
What is the function?
What does it do?
So, I think it's pretty much good.
Well, in a seeker-friendly church, they ain't teaching you how to stand.
They're in trouble.
Imagine going to one of those and not hearing any of this and the storm comes and you're like, 'What's going on?
' Because the pastor's responsible, because he's teaching you a bunch of porridge.
That's why I try to say you have a bunch of breast milk that's powdered because it's so old.
No, purgatory is not real.
Purgatory is not real.
You're either in hell or you're in heaven; there's no in-between.
And you're not paying for somebody to get out of hell.
I'm just going to be real with you: you're not going to pay.
You're not praying them out of hell.
You're not praying somebody out of hell.
You're not praying them out of purgatory.
Either you accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, or you didn't.
That's why it's so important that you make the decision to either have Him or you don't.
But there's no priest going to pray you out.
There's nobody.
No.
The Bible says it's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
It doesn't say there's a purgatory.
You either know it or you don't.
And there's so much religious garbage that people try to teach you, and it's not the word of God.
Look at your Bible.
What does the black and white tell you?
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And either you accepted Him as Lord and Savior, or you didn't.
But there is nobody making penance for you, and you're not going to buy somebody out of purgatory or hell.
It's a lie.
And I know that might tick some people off, but it's the truth.
And I'll stand before God and I'll give an account for what I've said.
And it's the truth.
What was the copper pot?
They're so funny.
I love these people.
What was the copper pot?
It was the investment, but it was written on the copper pot—a word that I'm not allowed to say because the angel told me I couldn't.
I believe the pets will go to heaven.
Yes, I believe God gives us our hearts' desires, and He's not going to let our pets suffer down here because He loves us and He loves our pets.
If the sparrow of the air He cares about and the lily of the field He cares about, how much more does He care about your little doggy or your cat?
I don't worry about that stuff.
I believe with all my heart that God cares even about those things.
He gets upset when there is any bloodshed like that.
Think about it.
He loves everything, y'all.
He created it for all of us to richly enjoy it.
So I believe with all my heart that our animals are coming with us.
He's not going to say, 'Bye, Scruffy.
I'll see you in seven years and you go through the Tribulation.
' I don't believe that.
Or, 'Bye, little kitty.
I love you so much; I took care of you every day, and I'm leaving.
' God's not mean; God is love.
I just can't see my Father doing that.
And being baptized in the Holy Ghost, He's not going to take your tongue and wag it for you.
The Holy Spirit, as I told you, He ain't going to grab your tongue and make it wag for you.
Telling other people—that's why I said read the book Why Tongues—either you're going to pray in the Holy Ghost and you make the utterance out of you, and then out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
He takes over after you start talking it out.
So, any tips on doing deliverance healing?
Do you need to be baptized first?
I mean, there's always such tricky questions.
I think every believer needs to be baptized.
It's one of the things that we all need.
Everybody needs to make a stand and be water-baptized.
Now, does that disqualify you from deliverance, that you can't cast a devil out of somebody?
The moment you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, you're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost; He dwells on the inside of you.
You invited Him in.
You have the Holy Ghost and fire right there.
You can raise the dead and cast out devils freely.
So, the baptism of water is just an outward expression of saying, 'Hey, I'm all in.
I'm all in, man.
I'm sold out.
Look, everybody around me—mom, dad, family—hey look, I'm getting in this water.
I'm telling you the old man has passed away.
Behold, He's made all things new.
I'm coming out of that water brand new.
' Woo!
Hallelujah!
But it's just an outward expression, saying, 'Hey, I'm all in.
' The moment you accept Jesus Christ, the Holy Ghost and fire is all inside of you.
He changes you from the inside out.
He doesn't say, 'Well, I'm waiting for you to go and get baptized before I enter.
' The moment I say, 'Jesus, come in my life,' He's there.
So, I don't know about the 144,000.
I told you all, I'm not a Book of Revelation scholar.
You need people like Perry Stone and Rick Renner and people like that who talk about all that deep stuff.
Sister Billie talks about stuff like that.
To me, the Book of Revelation is like this, you know?
I read it all the time; I tell Diana, 'Read it to me.
Read it to me.
' I want to learn it.
But to me, there are certain people who are really gifted at understanding all that—Babylon and all that stuff.
Those people are way over the top; they're smart.
I stick to what I know, and I know prayer.
I can teach you how to flow in the Holy Ghost in prayer, but I don't try to do things that I don't know.
Stick in your lane.
Stay in your lane.
Don't try to teach Revelation if you aren't gifted in teaching it, because you'll confuse people and be foolish.
I don't want to add to the confusion.
Stick with what you know; don't try to deviate.
Leave that to Perry.
I'll teach you how to flow in the Holy Ghost and pray, and I get results.
I feel like God's anointed me to do that, so that's what I keep doing.
I stick with what I do.
I tell you, I lay hands on people and I see them get healed.
I understand faith and I know it takes, you know, and that's what we stick with here.
So, congratulations on being baptized Sunday.
How do you manage it?
You see a lot of things that I see.
You put it on a shelf.
You don't mull it around.
I see it, I put it on a shelf, and I don't let it inside me.
I don't allow that.
If I sit there and think about all the people I see dying all the time and it gets inside, it makes you sad.
It's not for me to carry.
I see it, I pray through it, and I give it to Him.
I cast my care upon Him, for He cares for me.
I don't sit and meditate on it all the time.
I see dark stuff and I just go, 'Okay, thank you, Lord.
' Like tonight, I see all what I saw.
None of that bothers me.
I don't believe in 'once saved, always saved.
' I do not believe in it.
I believe you can turn away from it.
I believe He's always there and you have Him, but you can turn your back on Him.
The very sin you say you repented of, you went back to and you're wallowing in it.
So if you're saved from it and then you go back to it, are you still saved?
That's foolish.
No, there's not a 'once saved, always saved.
' I don't believe that.
You can turn your back on Jesus just like how you came to Him.
'Yes, I want you.
No, I don't.
' So those people who say, 'No, I don't,' are they still saved?
No.
You're going to hell, just telling you.
I'm praying Venezuela will be free by 2026.
Why not?
Wouldn't it be wonderful if Venezuela had a major revival in 2026?
Let's believe God, y'all.
Why do we keep kicking this thing down the road?
Let's just believe God now for a major revival to start to happen.
I'm believing God that He'll come back this fall by Rosh Hashanah.
Let's believe God.
Why do we want to wait down the road?
I'm always believing for Him.
I have a window of time for the next Shemitah cycle.
I'll say that again: the next Shemitah cycle.
But I'm always looking for Him every day—the next Shemitah cycle.
So reincarnation is wrong.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
There's only one time you die.
Once to die, and after that the judgment.
He didn't say multiple times.
Reincarnation?
You come back and be a butterfly or a dog or your favorite horse.
No, it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
The Bible's clear about that.
There's no such thing as reincarnation.
All right, we love you all.
Good night.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you all.
God bless you.
See you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.